Israel's final submission a rare
Interruption at the un's highest court a
woman in the public Gallery started
shouting at Israel's legal team Liars
Liars the court quickly stopped its live
transmission it's a sign that more than
4 months into the genocide case emotions
are running high that concludes Israel's
presentation for an hour and a half
Israel's legal advisers tried to
discredit South Africa's arguments that
the military's action in Gaza
specifically in Rafa are the last step
in the destruction of Gaza and
Palestinian people South Africa purports
to describe Rafa as the last refuge for
civilians in
Gaza while many civilians have indeed
evacuated to Rafa over the past few
months the fact remains that the city of
Rafa also serves as a military
stronghold for
Hamas with L than half the team present
Israel's lawyers said they were
surprised to be summoned to the H again
since the case began earlier this year
Israel has urged the court to drop the
matter even by its very name the
application of the convention on the
prevention and Punishment of the crime
of genocide in the Gaza strep suggests
an inversion of
reality it has given rise to South
Africa's egregious and and repeated
efforts to bring Israel before this
court through the obscene exploitation
of the most sacred convention the South
African delegation says Israel's
arguments didn't really counter its
accusations of genocide what we heard
today was not really an engagement on
the facts some engagement on the facts
but not really rebutting what South
Africa is trying to
asset after Israel had finished its
presentation the from Germany asked how
troops ensured the safety of people in
what Israel calls evacuation zones South
Africa had described them as
extermination zones the court will make
a decision on possible additional
measures in the next few weeks the main
question now is if a majority of the 16
judges accept South Africa's argument
that the situation has changed in Gaza
and that Israel should not only be
ordered to stop its military operation
in Rafa but withdraw from the strip
immediately
although it can't enforce such an order
it would be a major step in this case
and would increase International
pressure on Israel step fast from Al
jazer the
hake make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer